# Kook of the Fakkulty on running his label, Working with Zro, & the Htown landscape

## Summary
- Business ventures that we will get into and so people understand how important it is to diversify your hustle and not have eggs.
- A lot of these new drugs is out there the fentanyl and all that stuff is a gender dripping.
- I'm happy and honored to say that my brother is still active still working still doing this thing among other.
- I don't care if you, Kimbo Slakes, Mike Thagg, Bones Jones, you ain't whipping his music.
- The ear, ear pods, your headphones, you can actually zone out and take that journey.
- Significance of the city of Houston in relation to the hip-hop culture of a whole.

## Action Items
- Speak those realities because the world need to hear some people have been through a lot of stuff.
- Fifteen or sixteen years old like what I got about three to three years to write about.
- The beef in the controversy and in some form where anybody's trying to get some kind of controversial story to be able to get.
- You try to get up and run and get that thing up to a hundred you up messing around.
- Then once, you know, I just ain't never been focused as I am now since the fact of the day.
- I mean, when K first start opened up this interview, he was saying how you defer.

## Deep Summary
- Speak those realities because the world need to hear some people have been through a lot of stuff.
- Fifteen or sixteen years old like what I got about three to three years to write about.
- The beef in the controversy and in some form where anybody's trying to get some kind of controversial story to be able to get.
- I eat baked, real chicken baked real fish.

## Transcript
We bow not at all drop and bombs on this wicked world so it got a fall underground dialogue. Dop and every maneuver possible in apologize and for truth, it's not optional. We don't help you with what you go through we shape and mold you and sleep over the weak lies. They told you if you live in with no clue we gonna deprogram the old you and you get to keep your soul too. What up, man? Tonight, he's back. Yes, but this time he's on solo flight, man. He's a member of the legendary group of faculty killer clan this brother's been. Veteran in this rap game for decades. I'm happy and honored to say that my brother is still active still working still doing this thing among other. Business ventures that we will get into and so people understand how important it is to diversify your hustle and not have eggs. God is good all the time and I just feel wonderful. Yeah, no doubt brother. Well, you'd like I say you have been doing this thing a long time and like I said in the intro. I'm glad to see you still doing it give us a catch-up on what you've been working on what you've been having going on. Since the last time we saw you give the people of Kevin. What's going on? What? I don't know if. Was called me wrote that last time I was here. I can't keep up with everything. Yeah, I featured on one of our records. Called payback on this call me wrote to help them. I just featured again on this last album. He just dropped last month. I want to hook on a song called I swear on there. So my feature game been hit much with Rose. He and then you know one thing I know by role. Yeah, he got here you hear doing song with you. So what ever been like cuz I've been seeing you in row y'all been moving this doing thing time. I see him. I see you like exactly shows you yeah, man. What and I know y'all been cool for a long time, but what kind of brought that connection to where it's like. But this time I mean you as row just row don't kick it with a lot of people. Anything you do any kind of little bull shit. Row ain't fucking with you know, yeah, yeah, so that that's what that be like. I ain't I ain't no bullshit with nobody trying to miss what in the game and. So, you know when you ain't got to take care of people out of that time everywhere you go, you know. But yeah, let me kiss to be or sometime. I gotta fight them for it. Yeah, so you cleanse you jumping over one deep entertainment. You know, I got this a OG thing popping, you know, I mean, it's always gonna be a OG one deep. You know, I'm saying, you know, kill a clan is busy all listed as something one umbrella, so. But you know, bro, bro was a big supporter of what we what I got going on. So it's going to always be one deep for sure so a OG that that's your label production. About a couple years ago. Yeah, you look into you looking for artists or just you for right now. I just need for right. Yeah, this is as I'm saying with. Hypothetically, right with the way that the game is right now if you was. You know, it's gonna have to be a. It got to be our ever-tight rep. Yeah. Yeah, I don't listen to this new stuff. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't understand what they said. They want to do everything you know, you know, I ain't with that no mo. Yeah, if I was young I'd be right up in the. I'd jump outside. Okay, so the young do go back. He listens to some old cookies. Anybody that they had their own label. I'd like to go into this with them if you was interested in signing different artists on your label or whenever you come to that point. Would you be interested in doing more than rap? Would you be open all genres? Oh, we absolutely be wrapped. Absolutely. Man, what you listen to man. You can get that. I'm the DJ rock the driver and the DJ what you what you think about Houston now, man. Nah, this should have happened that should happen. We where do you sit in that conversation for? I don't think it's in a good place. Yeah, I think it's too much. How you going on too much out of that, man. I don't be without it. You know, I don't even get into it. Oh, man. I don't pay no attention, you know, but I the division. I'm not with that division, man. I always think you know, we should be coming together, man like I don't. If other cities is it's like this like it was going on, you know, here about you know, I mean the boy. You know, I think it's just a bunch of division going on. So I just pretty much stated myself. Yeah, yeah. Whatever he's saying I'm a latcher over that then it's gonna happen over here then seem like the audience is class. Yeah, the audience and I believe the media play a part in it too and something in some cases, you know, I mean. I try to say, you know, I try to stay out of a far away from it. Because I don't know how to handle that type of stuff. I just stay out the way. I don't want to bother nobody. I don't know no trouble. Yeah, what are your ways to promote now? Then when you get your stuff like when it's something that I'm ready to come out. What is your channels that you use do you believe in like now? They see you got a lot of more of these podcast is popping up or stuff such like that. That's something you. Absolutely, I definitely do the podcast thing. Certain ones because you know, my issue with podcast and blood just to keep it real is a lot. The beef in the controversy and in some form where anybody's trying to get some kind of controversial story to be able to get. They know was up. Absolutely and in my mind. I'm like, okay, you know, you do it. You do what you guys do, but. That more than anything contributes to the division and in my eyes because a lot of stuff comes up that happened a long time ago. Yeah, and now we don't dug up some dead bodies. Like I say, man, I'm all the way out the way. They say I'm over here. They lying. Yeah, I'm over there with it. Yeah, we're with it now from then to. How do you think? Concepts and projects and I think I know I've grown a lot in that era for one because I got a lot of home boys. And they still are up from that era. Do I'm saying in the I? I tell you I touch a lot of the I do on this am that I'm about to drop. Well, I touch a lot of areas that people probably don't be like, oh, okay. Oh, he owns the mother shit. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah, I feel like the experience. Yeah, but you know, the blessing of this being in this just as long as long as you've been in it, bro. And you tell me if you agree with me is how life experience. Fifteen or sixteen years old like what I got about three to three years to write about. Yeah, right. We making up stuff. What it was it about you that has you in the mind where you not? I don't know you were afraid where you not hesitant to. Speak those realities because the world need to hear some people have been through a lot of stuff. I pretty much always been like that man. I guess I get it from my pop man. I'm just open like that. I'm a dress if it issue if I feel like it was it's an issue with anything. That's just the way I am always been like that. I always been like that. Yeah, yeah, no doubt about it. Back in the back in the early days man, and I said this last time it would kill clan faculty and I man. Y'all was so underrated and so dope, but. The people who knew they knew you know and even to this day. Y'all named was still ring like that and I know you moved on and you doing your own thing now. But well, how much of you still have a sense of pride about the fact that all these years later. People will still show love to you because of what y'all built through the fire. I love it and I love them for that, man. They tell me all the time, man. I can't wait for you happen to come out. Yeah, I gotta give it to him. Yeah, I gotta give it to him. Yeah, and it's gonna be it's gonna be nice too. Yeah, I'm literally. Who producing who you got who I got? I got I got a Jew fish on there. Fun to get Fred on them on there, perky. Well, we had somebody in here and the same two names came with Fred on but, who was that? And he was he was mission. I'm saying produce. So,. You not. Hesitant to work with some of the. Not if they got a jam and track. He's growing up. Yeah. Yeah, how they how they feel about working with you. We didn't know when they know your history with everybody's sight. Everybody's sighted not and I don't be letting them down. Yeah. I. Had about a little a little. I went crazy me and somebody else me and a couple people. Yeah, me and a few. Man, we were sweet water Texas. I always wanted to know that you got there from there. No, I know, but you're young. I don't even know. Yeah, we was we was on some other stuff, man. We're young man. We. Man, but I always tell people about it like a lot of times. People don't understand like I can't relate but a lot of times people don't understand. I know for a fact because I know people Dan came in never the same thing. Yeah, and I know people that still own that stuff right now. That's crazy, man. Man, I'm a smoke me some good green. I don't give a damn nobody got to say about there. And I'm you know, I'm a I'm a drink the chain when I go out. I'm a. I'm a social drinker. Yeah, I go out to a restaurant. I'm getting your drink. But in the net, man, I don't know what a perk feel like. I ain't probably no peers. At all do you think they got you think it's more stuff out there for them not it was back in the because. One thing I know. All of the cats I came up with whatever they endured and everybody had these drug of choice. I mean, you know, it's a bunch stuff. Let me tell you know, it's a bunch stuff out there. New stuff. Wow, they fit now. Yeah, man. That dangerous stuff. See, I. Be the government got a lot to do with that, you know. I'm just one of them people that feel like even you go back to crack has been proven that you know. The CIA had a lot to do with putting that stuff in the streets, man. A lot of these new drugs is out there the fentanyl and all that stuff is a gender dripping. Yeah, man. And then we got to figure out a way to do the best we can and let folks know, man. Right there is a certain right things to do. Yeah, man. Yeah, man. You know, I like to say I just we. I ain't gonna think thing we getting out of course, we have council. Yeah, but like, you know, if people gonna get mad when I say it. But even a hooker and I'm facing on it, man. That stuff is toxic. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's getting down and all that man. So far shows and all that like I know you've been rolling with rope. Have you done? I think I saw you open one time. Have you have you opened it in a show? We did. I did a show over here in Fluke. Yeah, and we did payback. Yeah, but I'm definitely about to start doing some shows. Decottages got in a lot of doing, you know, getting on this rickshaw thing doing some shows with him. So. I'm probably gonna do I'm going to do that for sure went with what's your what's your. Show game like now even though like so you've been you've been solo for a long time. I know it was but like. It's, it's gonna be different because you know, I ain't done it right now. I've been out the mix man. You're not in out of prison. So. Then once, you know, I just ain't never been focused as I am now since the fact of the day. Right, I mean so it's gonna be different. I know that's in the mirror. Struggling with they win. I know you work out. That's something that I look at. I'm like, man. The dude can't even breathe. You know, you know, you know, and all that so you say you be practicing that. I guess that answer my question. You're gonna have somebody up there with you. You know, you're gonna be like, man y'all finna just. See me do but they gonna have to see me do my thing. Yeah, my wind up. I get up. Yeah, I'm be honest. I get up and make me a cup of coffee. Throw me one of them joints on the way to the gym soon as I pull up. I put that joint act. On incline 15 for my. Brain that boy down and do me a quarter mile job get off of that and get on a jump rope for three rounds. Yeah, and then I do the workout and then at the end of the workout. Then I put the gloves on and then we get on the bag and the pads and all of it. I'm Monday through Friday. Yeah, you know, come on with I really I would love for you to kind of touch on that too and kind of give people. To work out and to change your habits is for eating it for because you know bars getting a 30s. And. But then you start to see the transformation of people body like 35. You already got the daddy already if there's somebody. Take off after if there's somebody got to take off running. He couldn't go. He couldn't go toward his steps. You know talk about what got you on your journey with that and how important it is to older you get that. That we got to take care of self. , Well,. First of all my dad my dad died when I was 15 my dad. He was in and out of prison. So, you got a lot of prison pictures. Well, he used to be working out. He was real cut up. Actually, it was this last trip. I used to watch doctor. Oh, I was in prison this last time, you know. He was, they had this thing called a feeding to dad for heavy folk, you know. And I was like, yeah, but people need that for and he was saying. I know that. The older you get the more you got to take care of yourself. All right, and I'm a firm believer of that man. I eat really good man. I eat baked, real chicken baked real fish. No, I've mainly been eating probably like one time. Yeah, that's how you do it. You know, I mean, come on, man. I was 12 five when I went from to in the jump six months ago. Oh, really? Yeah, yeah, I ain't doing none of that we. Yeah, we gon. You know, because I think that like I say we messed up as men as far as take care. I said but you know sadly bro. But I because I'm sure you're in the gym. You see but I see too many our sisters, man. They be yeah, let me say go man and it's hard to. Explain it to a woman because the sense of urgency don't seem to be there for them because. Because the visual is one thing but the actuality is another thing because a lot of time. People walk around looking normal, but they don't know what's going on in the anybody. Yeah, I also believe a lot of people can be in the gym doing the wrong thing. , If you don't do no cardio, you just really pretty much in the gym. You can't get your heart rate up, man. That's. You try to get up and run and get that thing up to a hundred you up messing around. What I tell you got to do something to keep your heart rate up late lazy workout get it. Get you some sprints and you know, I mean. Swim don't just sit there. Yeah. Yeah. You got you got to push about it to the limits. You've got to build up. You never know you got to get the hell apart of your man. And move them move them move them feet. Yeah. Yeah, you're not for real. Yeah, one thing I tell myself, man. I stay out the way. Well, I ain't got no problem with nobody. Yeah. So it definitely ain't gonna be my health. Yeah, you know, I mean my definitely. My way definitely ain't gonna be my hero. I'm gonna take care of myself, man. Yeah, right, but that's all it is. The school break got no tats at all. Hey, you know, I like I tell you a lot of time for about early 2000. I would day Shapiro day. With everything, you know, that's going on. You know, we just recently lost Watts, man. What do how do you view? I know you said there is a lot of division. But I'm saying as far as the historical. Significance of the city of Houston in relation to the hip-hop culture of a whole. Are you proud of what we have established? Can you please? Absolutely, absolutely, absolutely man from the north side to the south side, man. I think we did it big down here, man, and it to the point where. The show. Yeah, and the reason why I said because just what you said. I remember I came up in a time where they didn't respect them. You know, it was like nobody took a series. But I will say the independent artists and the independent underground artists. Are what built Houston absolutely because we wouldn't sign it every night then somebody. Get on a major hand out but that's why I look and I would struggle with more value to it because. The streets. I'm saying? It wouldn't know it wouldn't know rappers that. Wouldn't out the streets. Come on, man. That I can remember. Everybody. Really was about to be this and all that tell what they was wrapping back. It's survival, bro. It's like, I think all the time, man, if I wouldn't have made it in this, I don't know what I'd be. Doing. And it's like in a lot of people that when I say made it, I mean. Made it into a career. You know, people think you say made it or they think you mean. You were on the Grammys and all that. It's like, nah, they ain't even talking about. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't look at us like being unique, fam. You know,. Like it ain't too many people that did it the way we did it for. I'm just glad, I'm glad that. You from here. I'm glad that you're both from here. Me too. Let me get that ball back. Get it to me, bro. Cook a staple in most city, man. You can't even know him, man,. And highly respected. And you're saying the same thing with the country. That's why I'm glad. Y'all both with him, man. See, but also, he everywhere. I'm saying, man, you're going to talk. Like playing the most city style. You know, I ain't mad at you. Yeah, man. I ain't gonna lie. Okay,. Just yeah, we, I know we don't be trying to make it about Casey. I really get it. I see how y'all. Hand that thing, baby. Greatest rapper, man. But you know, man, y'all contributions. Came to your look, though. And I love that because anybody that came with us, we from the. Same here, even, I'm a little older, y'all, we from the same time. Y'all, see, y'all was. Doing it same time. So I saw y'all putting in the work. I saw y'all getting out. So I saw the. Hunger, you know, the passion. And so I'm always glad to see that that's still there. You know,. It is because it's hard for it to not be with way to business work. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Back then,. We was, we were, we was crazy, man. I ain't going to love it. We was crazy for it. But. You know, I, when I started rep, when I came up in the faculty in the group, so. The writing process was different. You know, we was trying to write the hardest verses,. And? So when I had to get away from that, it was kind of different. For,? Because I'm like, I don't look around, and I ain't know about it. And I'm a group. Yeah, you know, group is just me. So I figured I had to just take a different. Route, man, talk about some different things and catch stuff, you know. How difficult was that for you to have to now be the person that creates. How you write the 23? Yeah, you're doing it too well. Are you still under the old law? Are you right? You're doing a little two, two-minute songs. I need to know. I'm, I'm, I'm new loud. I think nine got in the next, I was, I was right about two, two days. Oh, sure, that's one, two shows. Okay, I ain't got no money. I ain't bad. I ain't bad. We going to hook versus hook versus hook. Yeah,? Ain't no more business. Ain't no more business than that end of it. I ain't a lot, man. I'm, I'm so one of the old loud. They're going to probably run me out of the game, you know, didn't do enough for the drop. I don't even know if I have enough to put them all on there, man. I got it, but I ain't, I ain't mad at you. Yeah, no, for sure. I mean, I'm from what, you know, I just, the attention span, man. And people, and young people, attention span, ain't that long? No more. You got to say what you got to say and get on out the way, go to the next one. Yeah. That what I believe. Yeah. But from what I've been seeing, that's how I've been pretty much working. Yeah. I noticed, I noticed a lot of people say that, but is your target the young folks? I ain't trying to talk to everybody. Everybody. I'm going to listen to it because it's James. I think the way, the way you rap,. And I mean content, it's going to be for everybody. You know, not, now, if you've got. Some young people that act like they can relate to some of the stuff that you might be talking. About, okay, that's cool because the fact that you experienced it, it's going to resonate with. Them anyway. You know, when we was coming up listening to certain rattling, man, we ain't. Done nothing stuff. They talking about, we ain't know at the time that they hadn't did it either,. But we were still like, you could kind of feel it. You know, some guys are skilled at. Lying when they can make it sound like they really was getting down, but sometimes it's like,. Man, that dude is really living that. You know, so I think no matter who hear your music,. Bro, it's going to still connect. Absolutely because of, because of content. Absolutely. What do you rank? Well, I shouldn't imagine if I'm asking you, like, what do you rank. Content in today's artistry because most, most of the time, people just kind of looking for. Something that they can just say as a hit, but I'm afraid I believe when that content is right. Tell us after me, like, bro, I mean, lost art size, walk, lost,? Yeah. Yeah. Pro can just turn 42 with pro don't count. Yeah. Yeah. He, he, he from,. That's like the coldest thing there when you can, when you can, even if it's an imaginary,. Just, you don't create a, lord of the rings types in there. It's like,. That take people on a journey, man. Yeah. Our face used to do it. You know, yeah. And how you, you, yeah. Why can I say, you said,. I'm saying? That's why I say, yeah. K. We have it at the imagination, boy, man, take your old journey. The ear, ear pods, your headphones, you can actually zone out and take that journey. So you got, you're missing, people are missing that opportunity. Man, just put that wrong. I'm saying they need to take got songs that,. Knowledge of the machine, first of all, man. Stop over. Y'all, man. You write the, the art of the story telling, man, it's on life support. It's still a lot of. Oh, not yet. Yeah. And then I will go ahead. Who haven't you worked with out the city that, that you like, man,. I love to work with this cat just from the city. That's good one. Give me three. As if it ain't nobody ain't nobody yet, but if you got three, give me three. Y'all pay. I sent a dude on the throne. Yeah. I got one split. , You had never worked with flip before. And edit this out. Get that, get, get that right there. Well, you'd be, yeah. There you go. Okay. Hold on. Okay. , Damn. I don't know, buddy. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't know. I'm being, I don't know. So you'd be listening to, you listening to, you listening. And I, I, you know, I listen to, I listen to slamming pro. What's I, I listen to K, you know, I, you take, stay in rotational. Got too much shit. He's a pop up. But, you know, street. I, I just,. Bad old stuff, man. , I throw some G's in there. And then, then, of course,. I listen to row, you know, the new stuff, that's about it, man. , That's probably, I don't see my listening. There, man. That's my playlist show. It's my, I don't think about my Mount Rushmore Houston couple of. Talent. Because when you look at what each one of them brought to the city,. You know, I mean, it's because, because they brought culture,. What coaches in the city, where people was emulating what they did. Now, well, all but mentioned to my OG, wicked cricket, you know,. People like that, not what would be yours if you could,. Yeah. Let me be out of it. Nah, no, I can't. I'm putting K on there. I gotta put a row on there. Oh, every girl, you feel me likes to date. That's 20 something years old. He sat right in the seat and told us he hates this song. Yeah. I'm a, I'm a total screw in there. So that's the only screw I'm better. And, I gotta throw face on there. Yeah. So that's mine, right? Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't think it could, I don't think it could be. I don't think it could be valid without, without screw. I'm saying? Like I said, Kiki, I put him in that same vein. But just, just, just the, just the impact, man. Old God's head, man. And, how do you feel when you know that a lot of those guys. Have respect for you? I'm saying? Oh, man. I, they, they made me feel good. Like, boys treat me, they treat me like, they don't treat me no different. Kiki slim, you know, all them boys, fuck with me. They don't treat me no different, man. Right. We've been in it for the longest,? So, you know, and boy, I think nobody treated me no different than,. Then I actually think they should treat me. I think they should treat me. Yeah. So it's always a little, wherever I see them, it's going to be some little love. In this era compared to then, I know it's principles from then that we still going to use, but now,. You know, and we had this conversation all the time now with streaming and, and, and. Ain't no money in the rap game. How do you look at your blacks and say,. This is how I'm approached, man, to make sure I max out, you know, man, I'm spending my own. Social media, radio. Yeah. Yeah. I got a little bit this time. You know, yeah,. I don't need nobody to do nothing. I'm going to do everything myself. So yeah,. I'm, I'm here now having news. Mainly, man, I gotta spend some money on social media. Right. Right. I need that much everywhere. Yeah. Right. Videos everywhere. I need all of them, visuals. I'm all that by myself. I was just thinking about visuals. You got, you could tell to me, the artist that's really. We're going to see a lot of absolutely, absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. And that's why I get that. From a man road never. That's all. Man, that's how he do is what road got a lot of this,. These videos that y'all see, man, bro in shows. Yeah. Yeah. Man, you know,. So, he, taught me the man to stay up ahead of the game on that note for show. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, when K first start opened up this interview, he was saying how you defer. Doing. Can you talk about some of the other stuff that you got ventured into? Oh, man. You. Know, I had a venture into the, tax business a little bit, man. Okay. You know, I got some. Prepared, working for me. And I'm just, I'm just in the background. I mean,. I mean? Yeah. That's just it. Y'all do y'all thing. And let's all get some money together. That's a good, that's a good business right there. Yeah. Do, do people in your family,. Do they look at you and they, they recognize your, my, my, this, my, where you know,. Historical significance in terms of the rap game, or do they do a lot of them know,. Or do you kind of like, you know, because I think to me, you know, everybody, you know,. People know, people know, people know, passing your story. You know, it wouldn't ease it. But I think when people are around you that know you, but they may not see your element,. They say, well, man, you know, uncle, uncle cookers are, well, my daddy are, you know,. Like he, he, he's somebody out here. Man, my family be hating like,. I ain't spam that. Hey, baby, hey, man. My nephew is my biggest supporter. You know, he'd be like, oh, well, that's what's up. I got some coolers on my daddy's side,. My mom's side boy. Y'all some haters. But my, you know, on my daddy's side,. You just put your, you said a hate. Oh, they, they just, that's, man, that's generational. Yeah. Yeah. Man, my family crazy. I mean, people crazy. Yeah. They know why I say they crazy, too. I ain't really, but damn, my family is crazy. That man, I ate, man. I block everybody. Yeah. T Jones, sister brother, everybody get blocked. Yeah. Yeah. They go to treatment. Yeah. They don't show up for the shows and that. Man, they ain't doing that. They, my family ain't supporting shit. They don't support each other. They don't support, they don't, they have damn enough support,. They say, yeah, I better get it together. Yeah. No question about it. Yeah, we all do. Was that, was that like, was that like tough coming up? Because one thing I know is when you first jump in the game, especially from the time. Where we started, it was a question if rap was even going to be a real thing years from now. So people didn't believe in it early because they thought it was just a phase. No, see, it was different. When we first started jumping, everybody was with it. Oh, I got you. Everybody was with it. Then back then, what? You know, we went on to get our friends to and all that stuff. Yeah. We was in a mix. So yeah, they was what jumped on the train. I don't care if you, Kimbo Slakes, Mike Thagg, Bones Jones, you ain't whipping his music. For the, for any artists that's watching out here that's from OG,. What kept you still doing it through all of the, the insanity that comes with it,. Well, because people quit. We know people that said no, I'm not. You know, we've been doing it since we was a little boy. Yeah. Like 15 years old. And then just to get a little taste,. That ghetto fantasy tour, I was like, I don't know, we went. Yeah. Man, it was going down on that tour. Man, it was in places and, and around people, man, I never thought we would be around. So just that and then just to know that you could really,. You might get a shot of getting a bunch of money up out of there. It's, it could happen, man. So that's where it really. Kept me in. And then just knowing that I still had the ability to, you know,. Every now and then I get up at pin and, and okay. All right. Pwasi,? So that always kept going. Just get this app. I'm not that man. God too bad. When you came back, when you got back from, from your visit,. How, how many of the people, like how strong the support system that you have. For the fans that were saying, man, get back in there, cook. We need to hear another one. I came back from, yeah, for your state over in the first time. Well, I mean, we'd say prison on this show. You came back from your visit. Back off the hiatus. , Man, you know, the first time I got locked up, that's when Malik died. So I think, I think water bar was in Canada. I don't know where the V was at. , So everybody was just discombobulated, man. Really, Malik taught me out of rap, man. I had a little rap. I keep to him when I first met him, boy, that rap was so weak. So you know, Malik taught me, you know, how to count them bars. And, you know, he's listening to you too. And then, you know, I, he put me on street military. So I ain't never heard that kind of rap. I was chipping, man. I, I used to be on U G K and spice one, spice one was pretty raw, too. When I was. These dudes right here, they was rapping different. They was rapping different, man, way back then. I always loved everybody. So when I grab hold of that, and Malik taught me that. And he, when he got to listen,. I got to let me listen who inspired him and stories on the black book. And I was that man and man say, man, I'm for real. I'm going to be honest with you. I'm going to be just honest with you. Any time I feel like I was in a,. In a slump on that pin, I'm going to straight put that,. Get some inspiration. I ain't trying to your brother. Man, you know, crazy thing about Malik. He never. I didn't see that. Yeah. If they were to let us do that fact,. That I'm like, we want to, man, we got that. We heard that, you know, his verses took off and there was everything. What was Kyle? Because it, because it was so raw. Yeah. I think that's what they should have let us do. We don't want to do that. So, and that label was, that would, would that expand? So, so that means. I don't have it. I got the, I got the masters. But that ain't on though. I ain't going to get them. So did they race the versa? I don't know what they did. Right. Man. That's crazy. Y'all still got a relationship with a flea? That's about it. Shut up, that's what I like to get out of it. Man. Y'all don't get together, man. To fleas like a young grandfather. It's grandpa. You get grandpa. Yeah. I always be the one that you like. He with the shit. He going to be like on some. That's nice. That's just, that's it right there. But he definitely with the shit. Jared Oliver and, and, and Peewick. Yeah. So, it, it wouldn't be no way. Do you, do y'all have any unreleased material. I mean, thanks a lot. I can't remember. Cause I'm, I'm wondering if there's any way or who,. If you know who got custody of that material,. Man, where it could be some way to get it. But? I got to, man. I got the masses on. I still got it. That you don't know. Yeah. So, I got to get a transfer. Yeah. That, that could transfer. Yeah. So, the, the ownership of those faculty. Man. Am I any? What year did the, the first faculty come by? And it's a 30 anniversary, bro. It's 20, 26, bro. I'm, I'm, I'm starting some nights at night. The, the, for me release and what? I'm, you know, if it ain't, it ain't. Well, I'm just talking about that. You're right. You know, just kind of mess with a little bit. And then drop that thing again, man. I'm just, I think, you know, the fan base would, would,. Would love that. Get Richard Johnson out the way. That's Nate, Richard Johnson. He'd be trying to, yeah. I got the master hoodie. It's grass. Man, man. Yeah, I'm still out of the way. Cause I didn't know what to do. That you got to do a lot of. I just, I just, I'm glad that you got the master,. I will say that I'm, I'm always for the artist,. You know, obtaining his work, you know. And then I know that sometimes the late,. Most of the time the label is going to have custody. To have it based on how this thing. Was set up. , But I love to see when the artist gets, gets things. Absolutely. You know, because it's just, it's so much power in that. Right, man. I, man, you just put me on some guys. Like, man, it's the year, the third year in America. Yeah. It's already, I moved that. Yeah. Yeah. I feel real. Nah, cause, cause, cause,. Y'all got history, bro. Y'all got history, man. If it was something you could have changed. Necessarily to mean just the group. I'm just talking about you personally. Changed about what? Life on me, anything, any aspect of life. Was something that I know today that I could go back. Cause a lot of people said, man, I didn't need to say it, man. I'm like, man, I wouldn't. Stuff I had to switch up. That mean you're not alone? I'm going to climb days or something,. Something too, like, for a bunch of money. I don't know what I'd have did to try to get him. Take that money. And? And I tell people a lot of time too. Because now we kind of know how, evil,. But I tell people a lot of time, I say, look,. At the very least had you been on a big deal back then,. At the very least in the giving you a name. That you could make money off of for ever now. You know, because we knew that the deals,. You know, you're not, you're not going to particularly. Get rich off of the label. I've been doing shows for four years straight. Yeah. And especially, because you came up in the time,. Made it his thing. Well, you don't hear from them all at all. You live in that now. Because of what you did 30 years. Yeah, right. So people still know you and respect. I respect that. So you know, you did it. But we never just had,. Because I'm going to say, but we never had that big, big,. Big, you know, to where. They know you like that. I had a whole, you know, house home. Yeah, right, right. Now you start to see all these old school tours. And all that they make. You know, talk about the ghetto paradise tour. And that was your first experience on that level. Yeah, man, we opened up every show for biology. So that was that. All the rapper life was on it. Do or die. Oh, that's cool. Man, it was a bunch of people. Yeah, it's all right. Yeah. It was a bunch of people on the tour. Yeah, that's some classic stuff. Man, you done so much stuff, man. You, you're thought about writing a book. I have. I have thought about writing a book. I'm out of biographical. You know everything, man. Because it's like, man. Hello. I tell you still better than you. Yeah, man. Let me tell you something, man. But I've been I was born in the toilet, bro. Yeah, I was born in the toilet. I was actually born in the toilet, bro. Well, I tell people all the time, man,. I ain't doing shit. So. And I know go or see that too, bro. He got to see it, man. That's why he's going to be coming. So, you know, it's a hell good, man. That's why I just like, at this point in my life, man,. I just want to live on here about it. I'm saying? I mean, that's how I move. For the circumstances that they have to go through. They get swept up by that. And then to look at where you at now. See, now correct me if I'm wrong. I'm sure, well, I ain't going to say I'm sure I'm going to ask you. Or was it like, man, I never would imagine. No, actually, I actually had, you know, dreams and goals. But did I actually think I would be here? We want me in the moment, I mean, no. No, absolutely not. Oh, because I was, I kept going through it. I kept going through it so long, too. I guess girl was like, man, that's shit. That's shit. I got a lot of peace, man. Enjoy that peace with me, right? Everybody ain't, I'll be like my family. I try to, and it just don't work. Because you see that they ain't got none. And they just don't get it, bro. So that's why I've learned, especially last year,. It taught me that, man, listen, that's your peace is your peace. That shit ain't for everybody. So, P& P's, peace is, remember that song is the portion of the love is a house? Your peace is your house, bro, and I ain't talking about the physical. I'm talking about just this, this vessel and this state of mind, that's your home. So the same way you're just not going to let anybody come into your physical home,. Because people will disrupt, you know, and then that state emo in a lot of cases is like,. They'll look at you and be upset that you're at peace. No, very intentionally disrupt. That's just how they are built or how the world has molded them. But you still have to be the one to say,. Whatever reason you like that, I got the right to be like,. Nah, I don't get it with it. You got to block people out your peace too. I'm going to unfriend you out of my physical presence. We got the right to do that. People that are not toxic is unknown. Yeah, man, you're weird. Yeah, you're going home the night, you ain't got that. Yeah, that's it, man. I'm going home. Yeah, man. What's wrong with you? I ain't, I got a grandbaby at the time. It was from the Friday. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. That's what we're doing now. I ain't worried about nobody not liking me because when y'all see me,. So just off the fact that I know that when I see you,. Nigga, you're going to be from here to here. That give me satisfaction. Yeah.
